Hey, good morning family. Praise the Lord. Thank you for joining us.
What a blessing! We have some things we're going to pray about.
First off, I just want to tell you all thank you for all your support, for all the likes, the shares, the comments down below, and the emails.
We've been praying for all the things you've been sending us.
There's a lot of you that are going through a lot, and Diana and I truly pray for you. We love you.
We agree by faith that God is meeting you at the point of your need; that everything that you're ever believing for, what you're asking for, all of it, God has it.
I believe this is going to be a good year for you. 2025 will be a year you thrive. A supernatural abundant supply is coming to you.
We see right now the SEC saying that they want to drop the case against XRP in the days ahead.
I saw an article, so we're praying. That's what we've been praying for.
We've been praying for the wealth of the sinner laid up for the righteous and the wealth transfer.
I believe the wealth transfer goes hand-in-hand with the great revival that's about to take place.
We will see one of the greatest revivals this world has ever had.
When I was driving down the road on Sunday, I looked over and I saw a Methodist church on a hill.
Instantaneously, I started seeing in the spirit when I was praying.
I saw a storm coming. I saw the doves flying down and doing that circular motion.
Remember I told you all I saw the doves and they were coming out of this bright light when I was praying?
Then all of a sudden they started twirling and then they exploded, but they went all over the four corners of the Earth, all around the world.
They went to all the continents. I believe again I saw those doves circling and the Lord told me, 'Brandon, I want you to pray for Easter.
I want you to intercede for Easter and what's about to take place, for a great manifestation of my presence is upon my people.'I've told you all, what's the tipping point?
What is it that we're waiting for? What is it that's going to thrust this thing into full gear?
That's what I've been interceding for, Diana and I both. We've been just stirring ourselves up.
How do you stay to the point of being filled? I wanted to study Katherine Kuhlman because I was like, 'What was the secret?
How did she walk in what she walked in?'Billy Burke is somebody that I follow a lot.
I love Billy Burke, but he talks about being filled all the time.
Does he pray a lot before his services? No, he stays filled all day long.
I thought, 'How do you do that?'You practice His presence. Billy Burke practices His presence.
He sent me this, by the way, which I thought was so awesome; he sent me this anointing oil that has frankincense in it.
What a blessing. There's a lot of you all that have been going to his meetings in Pittsburgh.
You all are so kind to bring up my name; you don't have to do that.
It's such a blessing that you all would go and support him. I pray that you're getting richly blessed when you go.
Every time I go to a Billy Burke meeting, it is a treasure going into his presence, just sitting there in the meetings.
It's tremendous. It's life-changing, isn't it, baby? All you need is one second in His presence and you'll be forever changed.
It's not that Billy Burke is—well, it's not all about Billy Burke, folks.
Billy Burke is a carrier and he practices the presence just like every single one of us.
God's not favoring Billy Burke any more than He'll do something with you.
Billy Burke's just taken 50 years to cultivate something inside of his life, of being dedicated to sitting at Jesus's feet.
If you do that, God will use you. That's why Diana and I are hungry. If you can go to where the water is at, you can have a drink.
If you can get to where the water and the flow of the Holy Spirit's at, you can get a drink.
But if you're going where it's dry, you have to stir yourself up like we were doing yesterday, praying for the dryness.
I saw great dryness in Amarillo and all around the area, and the Lord said, 'I'm bringing a rain.
I'm going to bring a fresh rain.'Then I saw the Body of Christ floating down the river, enjoying themselves as a family.
That might be something people in the South do, go tubing, but there's a lot of memories made on the river.
Getting in the river, getting in the flow of the Holy Ghost, and then fanning that flame—you don't walk away unchanged.
You fan it and fan it and you walk away and you bring it home with you and you live there.
It's not a place to visit. Don't dry out once you get there. Don't let it die. It takes us doing it because here we are.
We went to his meeting and we're so excited, but then you get away from it and you ask, 'How do you keep that fire going?'You've got that fire going inside of you and you're excited and radical, but then you have your day-to-day life.
You go back to eBay, Poshmark, listing things, going to thrift stores, pressing through life, getting kids through school.
All the things of life try to put that out because you're always leaking out.
The lady at the grocery store was rude to you, maybe somebody at church was rude to you.
The devil comes to try to distract you and try to make you upset.
They always say if the devil can't get you, he'll keep you busy.
That's exactly what he does; he tries to keep you chasing your tail.
If he can keep you that way, then you'll go through your day and wonder what you did today. You didn't take the time sitting at His feet.
The Lord spoke to me the other day and he said, 'The lengths that I require are not old, tired days.
The lengths that I require are the new, fresh days out of the new wineskin.'Not giving Him the last, but giving Him the first.
Giving Him priority, fanning the flame, and putting Him first—those are all ways you practice His presence. Not giving Him leftovers.
'God, I'm tired, but I'll give you a couple of minutes before I go to bed,'which is better than nothing, but it's about making Him first place in your life and saying, 'Father, I need you today.
When my feet hit the ground, God, I need you today.'Even when Billy Burke was talking about saying, 'I just need you.
I need you today in this life. Holy Spirit, fill me. I need a fresh drink of your living water today.
I'm desperate for you. Fill me.'The more you practice His presence...
I want to sit outside. I like to see nature. I love the beauty of nature and I see Him in it.
People say, 'Well, you know, evolution and all this stuff.'I think, how in the world could you believe in evolution if you sit outside for ten minutes and just look at the stuff that God created?
There's no way that a tree went from an oak tree to a pine tree to a sycamore tree. I can't even fathom that.
We have two eagles that fly around our house, and it's amazing how majestic an eagle is. Diana found this...
I was thinking about all the trials that we face as believers and we get discouraged when we don't see the full manifestation of what we're going through.
You get to that point of desperation, and I see it in so many of your letters.
Whenever you get frustrated and you get weary in well-doing and you get annoyed at your circumstance, you have a tendency to start blaming God.
'Why am I still living this?'We hear so much in things past that you didn't have enough faith to be healed.
I can't tell you how many times I've been told that about Megan.
People say, 'Well, there's a devil; it's because you opened the door through sin, brother.
I believe there must have been sin in your life for this to have happened.'I'm telling you, you want to deck them in the face when they go off like that.
I'm just being real because there's been people that just try to figure it out. I love when Billy Burke said this.
He asked Katherine Kuhlman a question and she said, 'I don't know.'She told Billy, 'Learn three words, Billy, and this will help you all the way through your ministry: I don't know.'I don't know why you go through some of the stuff you're going through.
I don't know why you're not healed yet. I don't know why you're still believing for it, like I'm still believing for mine year after year.
You go through healing line after healing line and you're still believing for the manifestation.
You get weary after a while and you say to yourself, 'God, are you there?'Was it a lack of faith?
Did you not have enough heart after God? Did you not confess enough?
You walk away defeated, feeling like you don't have what it takes. Am I the only one that ever walks away with that?
You walk away feeling, 'I just don't measure up because I didn't quote enough scripture, obviously, because I'm still getting over this and the doctor's giving me this report.'So I walk away saying, 'Why do I even try?'There is a story in the Bible where Jesus told the disciples, when they asked if it was because this family was in sin that this happened, Jesus said, 'No, it was so that the glory of God would be made known.'It wasn't that they sinned.
It wasn't that the blind child was under judgment. It was at that moment that the glory of God would be known.
So it's not always a sin door, or he would have said it to the disciples then.
Jesus never said her daddy was committing adultery or he was out smoking or drinking.
He said it was that at that moment the glory of God would be made known.
I had to take that for me because I've gone to all the healing services, one after another, countless times.
Fall out in the spirit, get up, and believe 'today's my day,'and you walk away feeling defeated when people say maybe you didn't have enough faith.
I know it's easy to get weary in well-doing, but I always go back to the scripture: 'When there is nothing else to do, stand.
Stand therefore.'I will stand regardless of the circumstance of what I see.
I'm not moved by what I see; I'm not moved by what I feel; I'm moved by what the Word of God says.
Diana found this little bit of a passage that Katherine Kuhlman said right here.
I feel it's necessary for some of you to hear this because I see you at the point of desperation, and you don't see your miracle, and you're weary in well-doing.
Diana and I live it too. You have people look at you with that 'holier-than-thou'outlook. I was one of them.
I looked across the table at a lady named Jane who was overcoming cancer, and I said, 'It's a mockery of the blood of Jesus for what He did on the cross for you to remain sick.'I crushed that woman.
Out of trying to be so bold about my faith, basically what I was saying was she must not have enough faith.
I was in my early 20s and immature. I'll never forget how I crushed that woman.
When Megan got diagnosed three or four years later, I walked in her office and told her, 'I owe you a big apology.
I'm at the bottom of the hole.'I've had people tell us all the time, 'Your daughter has devils; you need to go get them cast out.'We went to deliverance services and all kinds of things, trying to find a solution to autism.
That's why I have compassion. Until you live it, you don't know.
When I hear some of the things you're going through, I go, 'Brandon, shut up'compared to the pain some of you are going through.
How can you complain when somebody else has it so much worse?
But we have compassion for those that are hurting. You are warriors. Jesus is so proud of you.
I believe with all my heart there's an expiration date to your circumstance, just like ours. Hope—that's what we do.
We always put ourselves in hope and say, 'God, we know that you will meet us at the point of our need.'We don't know when that day of full manifestation is coming, but I believe in being fully persuaded that what God has promised, He is able also to perform.
Even in the deadness of Sarah's womb and Abraham's old age, they believed in hope.
Faith as a grain of a mustard seed, the Bible says, will move your mountain.
I doubt my doubt. Devil, I refuse to let this doubt build a root inside of me.
Out of the abundance of my heart, the mouth will speak. I renew my mind to what the Lord said I could have.
I want you to hear this story about Katherine Kuhlman real quick.
In the early days of her ministry, Katherine was greatly disturbed over many things that she observed in the field of divine healing.
'I hated traditional tent healing services,'she explained.
'Those long healing lines, the filling out of cards—it was an insult to your intelligence.'Once, after visiting such a service, she cried all night.
She determined that with the Holy Spirit's help, her ministry would not be that way. She delved even harder into the word of God for answers.
Katherine said, 'Too often I had seen pathetically sick people dragging their tired, weakened bodies home from a healing service, having been told that they were not healed simply because of their own lack of faith.'Her heart ached for these people as she knew how they struggled day after day, trying desperately to obtain more faith, trying to analyze their deficiency.
They were unwittingly looking at themselves rather than to God.
She saw the harm that was being done in attributing everything to lack of faith on the part of the individual.
Kuhlman suggested that her prayer was answered in the spring of 1947 when she began studying the Holy Spirit.
She realized that when the crucified Christ said, 'It is finished,'He included not only the salvation of the soul but the healing and deliverance of the body as well.
Even if she never saw a single healing miracle, it would not change God's word.
The secret of the power of healing is found in the person of the Holy Spirit.
Katherine Kuhlman said a reporter once asked, 'How much time do you spend preparing for a miracle service?'She said, 'I stay prepared 24 hours a day.'She was frustrated seeing people walk away without their miracle.
Hope deferred makes the heart sick. You're not alone. I know you've used a lot of scripture, prayed a lot, and fasted, but I believe there's an expiration date to your circumstance.
Even if people die, they get their miracle on the other side. God's not a failure, and you're not a failure.
You still have victory regardless if you get it on this side or the other side.
I just choose to stay in a place of victory. I'm not going to let my mind wander.
When days like that happen, put on worship music and rejoice like it's already happened.
If the devil can't steal your joy, he can't steal your goods.
The Bible says He gives a garment of praise for a spirit of heaviness.
I just want to encourage you because I don't want to be hyperspiritual.
I don't want to be the Hollywood Christian where everything is okay. I've got my stuff.
Everybody has something they're going through, regardless of how much they try to make themselves look spiritual.
No matter how big the name is, they've all got issues. They put their pants on just like I do.
My relationship with God was birthed out of desperation and pure hell—not being able to read or write, being bullied as a kid and as a janitor.
Hearing Him was out of desperation. That's why I say, how bad do you want it? Every single thing has not ever come to me easy.
There's been things where I've seen greater victory than others, but it has come out of just being a bulldog on a bone.
I refuse to give up. I'll seek Him and I'll find Him. I will touch the hem of His garment because if I have nothing else, I have Him.
I've had eight visitations from the Lord Jesus Christ. Does it make me any more special than you?
No. I seek Him and I find Him. There's no shortcuts. I continually feed my faith because I'm desperate.
I want that little girl to get better. I want my family restored.
I want the tangible presence of God on my life so that when I walk into an atmosphere, it changes. Not to give me glory, but to give Him glory.
Bottom line is, if we get this glorious gospel preached throughout the whole world, then the end will come and all the drama of this world is over.
All this other stuff doesn't matter. We're thankful for the blessing and the investments He's told us about.
Why? It makes life easier, but it's to get the work done. God shall supply all our needs according to His riches in glory. We believe in the power of the seed.
A lot of 'Word of Faith'preaching doesn't tell you that everyone's looking for a mailbox miracle, but I got away from that and said, 'God, anoint my hands to do something.'God is a miracle-working God that anoints your hands.
It's the lottery mentality. The Lord told me that a lot of people are looking at XRP and crypto as a lottery ticket, a windfall that will deliver them out of their problems.
But just like lottery people lose everything, a lot of people will lose it all.
I saw Satan trying to block it, so we started interceding. Keep creative ideas to get wealth.
I wish above all things that you prosper and be in health, even as your soul prospers. If you're not prosperous in your soul, you won't keep it.
A lot of people will be broke soon after they get it because they aren't prosperous within themselves.
Find an avenue to keep it, whether it's real estate or whatever.
Diana and I don't want you to feel hopeless. I don't want you staying in your pit.
Despair and anxiety will choke the life out of you. You're a King's kid, and greater is He that is in you than he that is in the world.
God is the fourth man in that pit with you. He'll never leave you or forsake you.
Even if you're walking through the valley of the shadow of death, you will fear no evil.
He is my secret place, my refuge, my fortress. Surely He will deliver me from the snare of the fowler and the noisome pestilence.
We're just real and we have real needs. Fight the good fight of faith.
Keep a smile on your face and a song on your heart. Throw in the thanksgiving.
'I remember when the same God that split the Red Sea did this for me.'Throw it in the devil's face.
I remember when God came through and gave me that free cup of coffee, or that parking place.
It could be something so small, but you give Him glory for it all.
I was getting vitamins the other day and a worker gave me a coupon for $3 off.
God came through with that $3! You rejoice with the small things. Big potatoes or small potatoes, God came through.
If I find something at a thrift store to flip for 50 cents, I'm thankful.
I remember where I came from—food stamps, WIC, and government cheese.
I remember sitting in the back of a truck in a camper, freezing as a kid and getting carbon monoxide headaches.
I said I'd never want my kids to have to go through that. When we got married, our car was repossessed.
That was rough, but God delivered us. We kept sewing, even if it was a buck.
Lord, we thank you for these people. I thank you that you're meeting them at the point of their need.
Their circumstances are going to turn within a 24-hour period.
There's a suddenly coming for you today. Your suddenly is coming to pass in the name of Jesus.
There's a sunny side coming, a rainbow coming. Amen. We pray that this blessed you. Diana and I are real.
If you could like, subscribe, and click the notification bell, it will bless the algorithm. We love you and we'll see you again tomorrow. Bye-bye.